Potato chip:
    A free hosted quiz platform with participent clicker like voting.
    Other Hosted quiz platforms have become cluttered and interesting features behind a paywall
    making it less accesible to people who need it.


USERS
    Host: They should know the material that they would like to make a quiz out of
    access to a visible view for participents to see, the idea is that the actual participent
    view on thier devies will be unclutterd and show only simple answer choices. This will help hosts becuase there
    are several features on other platforms that require a paywall.

    Students/participents: The ui/ux for these users will be the priority we need to make it the most fun and accesible as possible
    we want to engage the students. ex. fast and easy room joining, simple clicker style interface, responsive answer submissions.


FEATURES
    Hosts should be able to create a quiz with multiple styles of quiz questions, that will switch up the formula and engage participents
    Hosts should be able to host the quiz and allow participents to join the room.
    participents should be able to join a quiz and participent by intereacting with the quiz question type

    A teacher wants to hosts a quiz, they go to our website and sign into their account. They make a quiz by writing the question
    and answers they can save this quiz to our database. They then host the quize a room code is created and participents type in a display
    name and the room code. They get connected to the quiz and the teacher may start it. The question is shown on the teacher's view and students 
    choose the appropriate choice on theirs. Results are shown at the end showing the students scores based on correct answers and time 
    till they answered.


Hosts:
Create Read Update and Delete accounts, quizes, Room instances.

Paricipents:
Create Read Update quiz answers, display names, their scores.


Models:
    Quiz:
        meta data such as title creator tags
        one to many questions
    Quiz Questions:
        foreign key Quiz
        order
        Answer choices
        Correct answer
    Quiz Instance:
        quiz
        host
        participents
        current question
        participents mapped to scores
        timer for this question
        

Users can create and read quiz templates but they can only update and delete templates they create.
This template data will be stored in a quiz_template object with a one-to-many relationship with users. 
It will contain values like ID, Name, Theme, Questions, Type.



https://w3.cs.jmu.edu/cs347/s26/project/implementation/

teacher/Hosts view:
main menu to enter host quiz mode
quiz generator window
user score history/stats
host quiz window

user view:
main menu to enter join quiz code
quiz

content/theme
multiple choice or written or variety
# questions
